AAP-32980-A Enhance docs re: the management of maximum running activations (#2602)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/con-ocp-supported-install.adoc

* Same with {ControllerName} and {EDAName}
|===

== Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations during or after {EDAcontroller} installation

> * If you plan to install {EDAcontroller} and run at least 12 simultaneous rulebook activations, you must add the `EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS` variable to the inventory file. See the example in appendix link:{URLOperatorInstallation}#eda_max_running_activations[EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you plan to install {EDAcontroller} and modify the number of simultaneous rulebook activations, you must add the `EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS` parameter. See the example in appendix link:{URLOperatorInstallation}#eda_max_running_activations[EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS].
```

* Same with {ControllerName} and {EDAName}
|===

== Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations during or after {EDAcontroller} installation

* If you plan to install {EDAcontroller} on {OCPShort} and modify the number of simultaneous rulebook activations, add the required `EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS` parameter. By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 activations per node to run simultaneously. See the example in appendix link:{URLOperatorInstallation}#eda_max_running_activations[EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS]. 

> 

Author: @Alex-Izquierdo - Please review the updated content here for OCP. I updated this one-step procedure based on feedback you provided in a different module yesterday.

[NOTE]
====
`EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS` for {OCPShort} is a global value since there is no concept of worker nodes in {OCPShort}.
====

> 

Author: @Alex-Izquierdo - here's where I added the note about the global value. Please feel free to tweak this note the way you think it's best and I'll edit it for editorial purposes.

Reviewer 2: If you think it is a better place, LGTM, but the sentence still has an error:
I suggest something like: 
```suggestion
`EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS` for {OCPShort} is a global value since there is no concept of worker nodes in {EDAcontroller} for {OCPShort}.
```

There is a concept of worker nodes in OCP, what we don't have is the concept of worker nodes in EDA when it is installed in OCP.

Author: Thanks. As stated previously in my comment above, "Please feel free to tweak this note the way you think it's best ..." Thanks for adding edits for technical accuracy.
